Introduction of the Undergraduate Programs
Computer Science Undergraduate Program
The Department takes reference from the design of international IEEE/ACM institutions;
the Program is comprehensive, rich and contains many special features, such as grouped program,
experimental program, and graduation project implementation. 
It also places emphasis on hands-on practical work, programming design and creativity cultivation. 
The Department divides the Computer Science Undergraduate Program into three programs based on fields:
The CS + EE Program integrated information and engineering specialties to lay down a solid knowledge base for the students.
The Computer Science and Engineering Program cultivates students to become experts in systems design and software development.
The Network and Multimedia Engineering Program stand at the forefront in the trend of advanced communications and multimedia,
seizing the future trend of internet multimedia technology.
The various program designs aim at balancing both theoretical and technical knowledge,
while at the same time emphasizing the coordination of theories and practices. The Department boasts many research projects;
3rd and 4th year students not only are required to take the special topic design programs,
but also have many opportunities to participate in the industrial and research projects of teachers and graduate students. 
During their 3rd and 4th year, students can apply to go on an exchange program to one of the top partner international universities for a period of one semester or up to one year,
to gain a profound understanding of different foreign learning cultures and to broaden their horizons. 
Students with outstanding achievements will also have the opportunity to receive the privilege of being awarded an exchange student scholarship.
Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Undergraduate Program
The course planning of the Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Undergraduate Program jointly held with the College of Electrical and Computer Engineering is in accordance with the Department of Education's "Revision and Integration Project of University and College Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Curriculums", incorporating a flexible and diverse credit system.
The students can also participate in summer holidays short-term internships and foreign exchange student learning. 
Teaching in small classes also allows the students to receive more resources and is favorable in the application to complete a master's degree within 5 years. 